Update Module.md (#14893)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/database/h2/src/main/ballerina/h2/Module.md

> ### Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating the client
```

> To access a database, you must first create a `client` object. A sample for creating an H2 client can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to create a `client` object to access a database. The following is a sample for creating an H2 client.
```

> found below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### Connection pool handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling the connection pool 
```

> There are 3 possible scenarios for connection pool handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 possible ways of handling the connection pool.
```

> 1. Global, shareable default connection pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a global shareable connection pool with the default configurations
```
Shall we make this a subtopic?

Author: Global pool cannot be created by the user so we can't rephrase this way

If you do not provide the `poolOptions` field, a globally shareable pool will be created for your database unless

> a connection pool matching with the properties you provided already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a connection pool matching the properties you provided already exists.
```

```ballerina
h2:Client testDB = new({
    path: "/home/ballerina/test/",
    name: "testdb",
    username: "SA",
    password: ""
});
```

> 2. Client owned, unshareable connection pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating an unshareable connection pool owned by the client
```

Shall we make this a subtopic?

If you define the `poolOptions` field inline, an unshareable connection pool will be created.

```ballerina
h2:Client testDB = new({
    path: "/home/ballerina/test/",
    name: "testdb",
    username: "SA",
    password: "",
    poolOptions: { maximumPoolSize: 5 }
});
```

> 3. Local shareable connection pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a local shareable connection pool
```
Shall we make this a subtopic?

> If you create a record of type `sql:PoolOptions` and reuse that in the configuration of multiple clients, for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a record of the`sql:PoolOptions` type and reuse that in the configuration of multiple clients, for each
```

> set of clients that connect to the same database instance with the same set of properties, a shared connection pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a shared connection pool will be created for each set of clients that connect to the same database instance with the same set of properties.
```

> will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```ballerina
h2:Client testDB1;
h2:Client testDB2;
h2:Client testDB3;

sql:PoolOptions poolOptions1 = { maximumPoolSize: 5 };

testDB1 = new({
    path: "/home/ballerina/test",
    name: "testdb1",
    username: "SA",
    password: "",
    poolOptions: poolOptions1
});

testDB2 = new({
    path: "/home/ballerina/test",
    name: "testdb2",
    username: "SA",
    password: "",
    poolOptions: poolOptions1
});

testDB3 = new({
    path: "/home/ballerina/test",
    name: "testdb1",
    username: "SA",
    password: "",
    poolOptions: poolOptions1
});
```

> The default values for the connection pool properties can be found in the `sql:PoolOptions` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default values of the connection pool properties can be found in the `sql:PoolOptions` type.
```

### Database operations

> Once the client is created, database operations can be executed through that client. This module provides support for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the client is created, the database operations can be executed through that client. This module provides support for
```

> creating tables and executing stored procedures. It also supports selecting, inserting, deleting, updating, and batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creating tables and executing stored procedures. It also supports selecting, inserting, deleting, updating, and 
```

> updating data. For more details on the supported remote functions refer to the `sql` module. Also the details of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updating data in batches. For more details on the supported remote functions, see the documentation of the `sql` module. 

Also, the details of the
```
